1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Functions are advantageous in programming because they promote code reusability, modularity, readability, and maintainability, making programs easier to understand, debug, and modify.
2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
When it's called.
3. What statement creates a function?
def creates a function.
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Function call is when the function is the action of being executed while a function is a block of code made for a specific task under a name.
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
There's a single global scope but as many local scopes as needed.
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
The variables inside the functions are destroyed and their allocated memories are deallocated.
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
A return value is the data sent by a function where it's called. Yes it's poissible to return an expression as a return value.
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
It'll be None.
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Using an equals operator we can assign the value of a local from a global variable.
10. What is the data type of None?
It's NoneType. It represents the absence of data.
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
It imports a python module areallyourpetsnamederic.
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
try and catch block can handle any exception preventing complete program crashing.
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
try is used to run the part of code which can potentially cause an exception or failure. Except clause can catch all the errors found in the try clause.
