1. What does an empty dictionary's code look like?
dict = {}

2. What is the value of a dictionary value with the key 'foo' and the value 42?
The value of a dictionary with the key 'foo' and the value 42 is 42.

3. What is the most significant distinction between a dictionary and a list?
In a dictionary:
Data is stored in key-value pairs.
In a list:
Data is stored in an ordered sequence of elements.

4. What happens if you try to access spam['foo'] if spam is {'bar': 100}?
We'll get a KeyError since 'foo' doesn't exist in the dictionary 'spam'.

5. If a dictionary is stored in spam, what is the difference between the expressions 'cat' in spam and 'cat' in spam.keys()?
'cat' in spam: This expression checks if the key 'cat' exists directly in the dictionary spam. If the key is present, it will return True; otherwise, it will return False.
'cat' in spam.keys(): This expression first retrieves all the keys of the dictionary spam using the keys() method and then checks if 'cat' is present among those keys. 
If the key is present, it will return True; otherwise, it will return False.

6. If a dictionary is stored in spam, what is the difference between the expressions 'cat' in spam and 'cat' in spam.values()?
'cat' in spam checks for the presence of 'cat' among the keys of the dictionary.
'cat' in spam.values() checks for the presence of 'cat' among the values of the dictionary.

7. What is a shortcut for the following code?
if 'color' not in spam:
spam['color'] = 'black';

spam.setdefault('color', 'black')
This line of code achieves the same result as the previous code block. It checks if the key 'color' exists in the spam dictionary. If it does, it does nothing. 
If the key does not exist, it adds the key 'color' with the value 'black' to the dictionary.

8. How do you "pretty print" dictionary values using which module and function?
To "pretty print" dictionary values in Python, you can use the pprint module and its pprint function. The pprint module provides a way to format and display data structures, including
dictionaries, in a more readable and organized manner.
