1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* - Expressions
'hello' - Values
-87.8 - Values
- - Expressions
/ - Expressions
+ - Expressions
6 - Values

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
a. In python a variable is a name which refers to a value, which can be of any data type including strings. While strings is a special data type which holds a sequence of characters only.
b. To hold a value in string both "" and '' are used. Variables, on the other hand don't need them.
For example,
x="Hello world"
c. x is the variable while Hello World! is the string held inside the variable 'x'.
Strings and used to store and manipulate textual data while variable are used to store and manipulate various data types including strings.

3. Describe three different data types.
Numeric- These include integers, complex numbers, and floating point numbers.
Strings- These hold characters in a sequential manner. They are enclosed in "" or ''.
Boolean- These are binary numbers which are mainly used for verifying if a condition is True or False (1 or 0).

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
In python an expression is made up of values, operators and a function that can be used to evaluate a result. 
Values can be constants like '3' or string literal like 'hello' or it can be a variable whose values could change with the program.
Operators are symbols which perform mathematical operations on one or more values like '*','+','-','/' etc.
Function call are used to call pre defined or user-defined function which take values as arguements and perform an operation to return a result.
For example, a buit in function called "len()" takes a list or a string input and returns the total number of string literal in the variable.
Similarly a user defined function can be of adding two number and returning a result of it's addition.
a=int(input())
b=int(input())
def add(x,y):
    c=x+y
    return c
add(a,b)

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
In Python an expression is a combination of values, operators and a function which are used to produce a result.
While a statement is a complete instruction in a program that performs some action in a program like "spam=10" which assigns the value '10' in 'spam'. 

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
The variable bacon contains value 22.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
The following two terms should have the same values since 'spam' + 'spamspam' gets concatinated to spamspamspam and 'spam' * 3 does the same thing and produces the result 'spamspamspam'.

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
There are 4 main conditions for naming a variable in Python;
One of them is that a variable's name should not start with a number thus '100' is invalid.
Another one says that a variable's name should start with a letter and a third rules says that it should only contain Alpha-Numeric Characters(Aa-Zz 0-9).
And the last rule suggests that the name can be Case Sensitive(Aa-Zz)
Thus, 'egg' is a valid name.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
int()  - Can be used to get a value in integer format.
float()- Can be used to get a value in floating-point format.
str()  - Can be used to get a value in string format.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
The expression 'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.' have an integer value 99 between 'I have eaten ' and ' burritos.'.
We can fix it by putting the 99 in quotes. The correct expression will be as follows;
'I have eaten ' + '99' + ' burritos.'
