1. What are escape characters, and how do you use them?
Escape characters are special characters in a string that are used to represent certain actions or characters that cannot be directly typed or included in a string.

2. What do the escape characters n and t stand for?
n stands for New Line
t stands for Tab

3. What is the way to include backslash characters in a string?
We can include backslash characters by using another blackslash in the string.

4. The string "Howl's Moving Castle" is a correct value. Why isn't the single quote character in the
word Howl's not escaped a problem?
In Python, the single quote character (') can be used to delimit a string, and it is not necessary to escape it within double quotes (") or vice versa. 
This means that you can include a single quote character within a string delimited by double quotes, and vice versa, without causing any issues or errors.

5. How do you write a string of newlines if you don't want to use the n character?
We can use triple quotes (''' or """) to create a multi-line string.

6. What are the values of the given expressions?
"Hello, world!"[1] - e
"Hello, world!"[0:5] - Hello
"Hello, world!"[:5] - Hello
"Hello, world!"[3:] - lo, world!

7. What are the values of the following expressions?
'Hello'.upper() - HELLO
'Hello'.upper().isupper() - False
'Hello'.upper().lower() - False
8. What are the values of the following expressions?
'Remember, remember, the fifth of July.'.split()
&#39;-&#39;.join(&#39;There can only one.&#39;.split())
This will be the following output 
['Remember,', 'remember,', 'the', 'fifth', 'of', 'July.'].
'There-can-only-one.'

9. What are the methods for right-justifying, left-justifying, and centering a string?
Right-justifying a string: The str.rjust(width, fillchar) method is used to right-justify a string within a specified width.
Left-justifying a string: The str.ljust(width, fillchar) method is used to left-justify a string within a specified width.
Centering a string: The str.center(width, fillchar) method is used to center a string within a specified width.

10. What is the best way to remove whitespace characters from the start or end?
The best way is by using the str.strip() method.
